.TH my-backup 1
.SH NAME
backup \- script to manage backups of a laptop
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B backup
.BR
.SH DESCRIPTION
This script has been done to suite the laptop backup need. It's need more work
but some feature could be used (at your own risk) and others could be useful.
.PP
This backup needs several configuration files that are described below.
.PP 
.B /etc/default/my-backup
This file is used to set all parameters of backup script. All parameters have 
to be set by environment varibales.
.PP
.BR
.B DEBUG
This is the debug level of script. It could take two values : "true" or "false"
.PP
.BR
.B USB_PATH
This variable this path where USB devices are mounted on the local 
filesystem. 
.I In example /media/usb.
.PP
.BR
.B REGEX_USB_PATH="\\\/media\\\/usb"
This variable is used to set the regular expression associated to the USB 
devices local filesystem mount directory.
.PP
.BR
.B DVD_DEV="/dev/dvdrw"
This variable is used to set the DVD burned device entry in the local 
filesystem.
.PP
.BR
.B DEST_BACKUP="f"
This variable will be removed soonly because it seems it isn't useful.
.PP
.BR
.B DEST_HOST="fixe"
This variable is used to set the hostname of the remote backup host.
.PP
.BR
.B DEST_NAME=`whoami`
This variable is used to set the remote authentication user identifier.
.PP
.BR
.B DEST_PATH="$HOME/sauve"
This variable is used to set the path on the remote host where the backup 
will be stored.
.PP
.BR
.B DATA_LOCATION_FILE="$HOME/tmp/data_loc"
This variable is used to set all environment variables needed by the backup
process. All these environment variable could be set in another file to suite 
your needs. Only their name is relevant.
.PP
.BR
.B DEST_LOC="/tmp"
This variable is set to the local back patch destination.
.PP
.BR
.B TMP_IMAGE="$DEST_LOC/my_image"
This variable was used with anther version of my-backup script that use the 
old cdrecord/dvdrecord software that need an CD/DVD image.
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR ssh (1),
.BR rsync (1),
.BR tar (1)
.SH AUTHOR
my-backup was written by Laurent Guignard <lguignard.debian@gamil.com>
.PP
This manual page was written by Laurent Guignard <lguignard.debian@gmail.com>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
